.TH SIMPLESCREENRECORDER "1" "May 2020" "SimpleScreenRecorder" "SimpleScreenRecorder Manual"
.SH NAME
simplescreenrecorder \- A feature-rich screen recorder that supports X11 and OpenGL.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B simplescreenrecorder
[\fI\,OPTIONS\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
SimpleScreenRecorder is a feature-rich screen recorder that supports X11 and
OpenGL. It has a Qt-based graphical user interface. It can record the entire
screen or part of it, or record OpenGL applications directly. The recording
can be paused and resumed at any time. Many different file formats and codecs
are supported.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-help\fR
Show this help message.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Show version information.
.TP
\fB\-\-settingsfile\fR=\fI\,FILE\/\fR
Load and save program settings to \fI\,FILE\/\fR. If omitted,
\fI\,~/.ssr/settings.conf\/\fP is used.
.TP
\fB\-\-logfile\fR[=\fI\,FILE\/\fR]
Write log messages to \fI\,FILE\/\fR. If \fI\,FILE\/\fR is omitted,
\fI\,~/.ssr/log-DATE_TIME.txt\/\fP is used.
.TP
\fB\-\-statsfile\fR[=\fI\,FILE\/\fR]
Write recording statistics to \fI\,FILE\/\fR. If \fI\,FILE\/\fR is omitted,
\fI\,/dev/shm/simplescreenrecorder\-stats\-PID\/\fP is used. It will
be updated continuously and deleted when the recording
page is closed.
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-systray\fR
Don't show the system tray icon.
.TP
\fB\-\-start\-hidden\fR
Start the application in hidden form.
.TP
\fB\-\-start\-recording\fR
Start the recording immediately.
.TP
\fB\-\-activate\-schedule\fR
Activate the recording schedule immediately.
.TP
\fB\-\-syncdiagram\fR
Show synchronization diagram (for debugging).
.TP
\fB\-\-benchmark\fR
Run the internal benchmark.
.SH "COMMANDS ACCEPTED THROUGH STDIN"
.TP
\fBrecord-start\fR
Start the recording.
.TP
\fBrecord-pause\fR
Pause the recording.
.TP
\fBrecord-cancel\fR
Cancel the recording and delete the output file.
.TP
\fBrecord-save\fR
Finish the recording and save the output file.
.TP
\fBschedule-activate\fR
Activate the recording schedule.
.TP
\fBschedule-deactivate\fR
Deactivate the recording schedule.
.TP
\fBwindow-show\fR
Show the application window.
.TP
\fBwindow-hide\fR
Hide the application window.
.TP
\fBquit\fR
Quit the application.
.SH "FILE LOCATIONS"
The files used by SimpleScreenRecorder can be found in the following locations:
.PP
Settings:
.RS
~/.ssr/settings.conf
.RE
.PP
Logs:
.RS
~/.ssr/logs/
.RE
.PP
Input profiles:
.RS
/usr/share/simplescreenrecorder/input-profiles/
.br
~/.ssr/input-profiles/
.RE
.PP
Output profiles:
.RS
/usr/share/simplescreenrecorder/output-profiles/
.br
~/.ssr/output-profiles/
.RE
.PP
Translations:
.RS
/usr/share/simplescreenrecorder/translations/
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
More documentation can be found at:
.br
https://www.maartenbaert.be/simplescreenrecorder/
